let me go over the moves which
frequently occur in games of clothes
character pawn king for pawn king three
Pawn queen for pawn Queen for night
Queen Bishop three night King Bishop 3
Bishop King night 5 Bishop King to he
ought to first exchanged the pawns and
then bring his Bishop to King to in such
a manner he would obtain an almost
unassailable position Bishop takes
Knight Bishop takes Bishop Knight to
King's Bishop three black castles there
is no necessity for him to castle so
early his first his first aim should be
to bring his Queen side into action for
instance black six move pawn takes pawn
Knight takes pawn Knight Queen to Bishop
queen three pawn king night Queen night
three white castles Bishop Knight two
would be although not the very best a
sufficiently safe plan for bringing his
pieces out black six move castles bishop
queen three Pawn Queen night three pawn
king five Bishop King to pawn Queen rook
four white consistently takes aim
against blacks king saud blacks Queen
side pieces have so little bearing upon
the actual scene of battle that his game
is already greatly compromised Bishop
Knight to the only
comparatively safe mood would have been
bishop queen rook three Bishop takes
pawn check King takes bishop night-night
five check now here it should the
correct move would be king night three
because if instead King night square
then Queen rook five Bishop takes Knight
pawn takes bishop pawn bishop three Pawn
night six and mate cannot be avoided
blacks 11th move King at night three
night King to Bishop takes Knight pawn
takes bishop and the correct move here
is pawn king bishop for if Queen takes
pawn then night b4 check
King be a king bishop for Queen Queen
three check King night five Queen rook
three check King takes Knight Queen
Bishop three checkmate so we're back to
blacks 13th move of pawn king bishop for
Knight pawn tankspot the takes pawn on
pissant King Bishop to Knight bishop for
rook to rook square to protect himself
against white playing rook King work
seven but his defenses of no avail as
his cruel fo does not allow him a
moment's repose Queen night for rook
takes rook check king queen too and the
correct move here is pawn takes pawn now
what shall hit black do if rook tore up
to then Queen takes King pawn check King
to Bishop square night to night six mate
black seventeenth move pawn takes pawn
Queen night six check King King to Queen
night seven check King to King square
Queen tonight eight check King to King
to Queen takes pawn check King to bishop
square first white drives the black king
into the most dangerous spot and then
comes the finishing stroke rook takes
rook King to Knight to rook torque seven
check King takes rook Queen Bishop seven
check King to rook square night to night
six checkmate if we again critically
glance over the few variations that we
have gone through we must be struck by
one fact namely that the losing side had
the greater part of his army in
positions where they had no bearing
whatsoever upon the questions at issue
they might have been just as well
anywhere else but on the board